#  Vault Guardian 

This is a typical vault protocol (ERC4626) that allows users to deposit certain type of erc20's, and it's managed by a human called the vaultGuardian, the purpose of a vault guardian is to manage the vault in a way that maximizes the value of the vault for the users who have deposited into the vault. 

`vaultGuardian` : Fund manager/portfolio manager, they basically move these funds and ensure yield for the users; not stated but maybe they stake or provide liquidity in uniswap(lending and borrowing platform).
## safefield: 
In order to prevent the vault Guardians from running away with funds they are only allowed to deposit and withdraw funds to these protocols and not to any other address.
1. Aave
2. Uniswap V2
3. None (just hold)

these 2 protocols ( plus "none" makes 3) are known as the "investable universe" the guardians can move funds in and out of these protocols as much as they like but remember the [safefield](#safefield)

Anyone can become a guardian by depositing a certain amount of erc20 into the vault. This is called the `guardian stake`. If a guardian wishes to stop being a guardian, they give out avuser deposits and withdraw their guardian stake.

The protocol is upgradeable so that if any of the platforms in the investable universe change, or we want to add more, we can do so.


## Actors
1. Users -> deposit into  guardian's vault 
2. Guardians -> Move finds based on their strategy 
3. Guardians -> Can update the settings of their strategy at any time and move funds
4. Users -> can leave the pool by redeem or withdraw
5. The DAO -> Guardians can earn DAO tokens by becoming guardians. The DAO is responsible for:
	- Updating pricing parameters
	- Getting a cut of all performance of all guardians



## Overview

1. `VaultShare.sol`: Main vault `ERC4626` vault functionalities here include
	 - withdraw()
	 - deposit()
	 - redeem()
2. `VaultGuardianBase`: Has the functionality of the users and guardians
3. `VaultGuardians` :  Functionality of the DAO.



`Vaultshare.sol`: 
This takes a ConstructorData from `IVaultShares.sol` 

```javascript
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

pragma solidity 0.8.20;

  

import {IERC4626} from "@openzeppelin/contracts/interfaces/IERC4626.sol";

import {IVaultData} from "./IVaultData.sol";

import {IERC20} from "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC20/IERC20.sol";

  

interface IVaultShares is IERC4626, IVaultData {

struct ConstructorData {

IERC20 asset;

string vaultName;

string vaultSymbol;

address guardian;

AllocationData allocationData;

address aavePool;

address uniswapRouter;

uint256 guardianAndDaoCut;

address vaultGuardians;

address weth;

address usdc;

}

  

function updateHoldingAllocation(AllocationData memory tokenAllocationData) external;

  

function setNotActive() external;

}
```


receives adapters from aave and uniswapV2; these adapters are used here as the investible universe adapters; as they help in divesting and reinvesting funds.
If theres liquidity inside the uniswap and aave then it divests it returning the underlying token back to the vault.

```js
uint256 uniswapLiquidityTokensBalance = i_uniswapLiquidityToken

.balanceOf(address(this));


uint256 aaveAtokensBalance = i_aaveAToken.balanceOf(address(this));

// e! Divest gets the underlying token back to the vault for investing

if (uniswapLiquidityTokensBalance > 0) {

_uniswapDivest(IERC20(asset()), uniswapLiquidityTokensBalance);

}

if (aaveAtokensBalance > 0) {

_aaveDivest(IERC20(asset()), aaveAtokensBalance);

}

  

_;

  

// Reinvest

if (s_isActive) {

_investFunds(IERC20(asset()).balanceOf(address(this)));

}
```